.Dd May 16, 2024
.Dt uncloakCDN 1
.Os

.Sh NAME
.Nm uncloakCDN
.Nd get IP address behind CDN/WAFs

.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Bl -offset 4
.Op Fl cihns
.Op Fl d Ar domain
.Op Fl f Ar file
.Op Fl o Ar output

.Sh DESCRIPTION
Red Team / OSINT reconnaissance tool that
searches IP addresses behind Content Delivery Networks (CDNs) and
Web Application Firewalls (WAFs)
utilizing DNS resolution history, SSL certificate analysis and
HTTP response headers from VirusTotal, Censys and Shodan APIs.
.Pp
The following options are available:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl d Ar domain
Search the specified
.Ar domain .
.It Fl f Ar file
Specify a
.Ar file
containing a list of domains to search.
.It Fl o Ar output
Write to file
.Ar output .
.It Fl c
Enable Censys search.
.It Fl h
Enable DNS history search. This is the default.
.It Fl m
Enable subdomain search.
.It Fl s
Enable SSL certificate search.
.It Fl n
Disable color output.
.El

.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables affect the execution of
.Nm :
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Ev XDG_DATA_HOME
The API configuration read from a file set in
.Pa XDG_DATA_HOME
or to a default equal to
.Pa $HOME/.local/share
when this variable is not set or empty.
.It Ev TERM
The color functionality depends on a terminal type with color capabilities.
.It Ev TZ
The timezone to use when timestamping files. See
.Xr environ 7
for more information.
.El

.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std

.Sh EXAMPLES
Search for domain with DNS history:
.Pp
.Dl $ uncloakCDN -d example.com
.Pp
Enable Censys search and write output to
.Pa file\c
:
.Pp
.Dl $ uncloakCDN -c -o output.txt
.Pp
Search for subdomains behind CDN and disable color printing:
.Pp
.Dl $ uncloakCDN -m -n

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr curl 1
.Xr diff 1
.Xr dig 1
.Xr jq 1
.Xr xmllint 1

.Sh STANDARDS
The
.Nm
utility conforms to
.St -p1003.1-2001
and
XDG, and runs
